So now that we collected all these inputs here, I want to store them.
So we'll add a new constant, movies and there will be an empty array initially
and I want to add objects to that array where each object represents a movie, that will not on its own
make it visible on the screen but you often in the applications you build also want to manage your
data here in Javascript and not just as HTML elements on the screen so you also can work with them
here in Javascript and not always need to select elements on the DOM and work with that because that
is not great for performance and also means that you need to write unnecessary code. So here, after checking
the inputs, I want to add an element to movies and that will be my new movie which is a Javascript object
here
and in this Javascript object, I want to have let's say the title and there, I'll use the title value.
I want to have the image and that will be the imageUrl value and I want to add the rating and
that will be the rating value. Of course, which key names you pick here - title, image, rating, that is totally
up to you.
Well and now we can reach out to the movies array we just added and push the new movie onto that array, that
will add it there.
Now we can console log movies here to see whether that worked
and now I also want to close my modal and therefore we can of course call toggleMovieModal here.
Now with that saved, if we go back, reload here and now try this out and add this awesome movie, Javascript
The Complete Guide here, some image, later I will add a real URL here,
right now we don't have a place to show the image anyway so doesn't matter
and then here, a rating of five and I click add, indeed here we see an array, the modal also closed and
there we got this object with the data we entered.
Now a problem we'll have is that if I open this again, our old input is still there, the same by the way
if we enter something and then we decide to cancel, what we entered is still there.
So typically when we cancel and also when we succeed, we want to clear the inputs and that is therefore
something I also want to implement here.
I'll add a new function, clear inputs or clear movie inputs and in this function, I just want to use
my inputs here,
so the elements stored in the user inputs constant and clear the value.
Now for that, we can say user inputs zero value equal to an empty string, that simply sets the value back
to an empty string and that's exactly what I want
or a more dynamic solution, we add a for loop and go through all the user inputs of user inputs,
so we loop through all these user input elements and then for each of those, we say user input value
equal to an empty string, that also works of course because user inputs is an array or an array-like
object, a node list full of input elements,
here we then loop through all input elements and we set this to be empty.
So now we can use this here in the cancel movie handler, there I want to call clear movie input and
in the add movie handler, there after toggling this, I also want to call clear movie input. Now with that,
if we save that and reload, if we enter something there and we click cancel and I add this again or click
this again, this is gone and if I try it again, Javascript The Complete Guide, some image, so if
try adding this again, then if I click this again it's also gone.
So now clearing works, storing it here in memory works in case you would want to work with it there.
Now of course, it would also be nice to output it here on the screen.